# Backend documentation

## Introduction

Below is an overview of the directories in the `backend` directory, and a general description of their contents.

## `db`

This directory includes the scripts for downloading characters, populating them in the database, and seeding the database with users, characters and ratings.

## `prisma`

This directory includes the Prisma schema for the database. To read more about Prisma, please visit [their website](https://www.prisma.io/).

The actual Prisma client is created in [`context.ts`](/backend/src/context.ts), and is later used in the logic of each resolver in [`resolvers/index.ts`](/backend/src/resolvers/index.ts).

## `constants`

This directory includes constants used in the application.

## `generated`

This directory includes the type-safe autogenerated GraphQL types based on the schemas.

This allows us to achieve type safety across the entire application, as we generate types from our database schema and the GraphQL schema. This results in a collection of typesafe resolvers, which greatly improves the developer experience. For details, please see the [GraphQL Code Generator](https://graphql-code-generator.com/) documentation. In their example, pay attention to the generated TypeScript types based on the pre-defined GraphQL schema.

## `graphql`

This directory includes the GraphQL schema to be used in the application, including types, queries and mutations.

## `resolvers`

This directory includes the resolvers used in the application, both for queries and mutations.

## `schemas`

This directory includes the exectuable schema created from the pre-defined GraphQL schema in [`graphql/schema.graphql`](/backend/src/graphql/schema.graphql). This is later used when creating the Apollo server in [`app.ts`](/backend/src/app.ts).

## `types`

This directory includes the types used in the application.

## `utils`

This directory includes utility functions used in the application.
